# Arcana

A complete rework for Minecraft enchantments. The goal of this mod is to shift focus towards exploration, looting progressively more difficult content, and making decisions.

## Main idea

This mod introduces 'arcana'. Enchantments have an arcana cost, gear has arcana capacity.

The enchanting table is reworked from a lootbox into a feature rich enchantment manipulator.

## Features

  - **Your choice actually matters.** No more linear progression through material's attack damage, mining speed, armor points.. You name it, and then slapping every single enchantment on. With arcana capacity, gear choice matters, and with arcana cost, enchantment choice matters.

  - **Exploration and gameplay, not grind.** Progression shouldn't be about clearing 32 copies of the same dungeon to get Sharpness XII whatever. This mod's idea is to reward using your stronger gear in more difficult situations for strongerer loot. Therefore, this mod disables book combining by default.

  - **All without risking decision paralysis.** Enchantments can be recovered from tools at an affordable material price. You can comfortably put your Veryrare Supersharpness IV onto your Goodium sword even if you're getting Betterium tomorrow.

## Mod suggestions

Very generally speaking:
  - A mod with dungeons of varying difficulty. May require loottable tweaking.
  - A mod with variety of materials and nonlinear material progression
  - A mod to introduce more enchantments.

My mods:
  - Soon tm

Mods by others:
  - Looking for suggestions on mods to put here.
  
## Support for this mod

This mod has a very simple API consisting of the ArcanaEnchantment and ArcanaEquipment interface.

Support is otherwise autogenerated as follows:
  - Gear: arcana capacity = enchantability x 5
  - Enchantment: arcana cost = getMinPower(level) rounded up to nearest 5.
